# CAMPY Command Line Interface

CAMPY Command Line Interface offers a user-friendly method for generating keys for encrypting and decrypting files.

ECIES, leveraging ECC's efficiency and smaller key sizes, is increasingly used in newer applications, including blockchain technology, secure messaging apps, and IoT devices.

## Features
- Keypair
- Encrypt
- Decrypt

## Keypair
Keypair generation involves the use of ECIES (Elliptic Curve Integrated Encryption Scheme).

- Algorithm Basis: ECIES is based on elliptic curve cryptography (ECC), which uses the mathematics of elliptic curves over finite fields. It offers integrated encryption using public-key cryptography.

- Key Generation: In ECIES and ECC in general, the key generation involves choosing a point on an elliptic curve and a private key, which is a random number. The public key is generated by multiplying this private key by a generator point on the curve. The difficulty of the elliptic curve discrete logarithm problem (ECDLP) ensures the security of ECC.

- Key Sizes: Elliptic curve keys can be much smaller than RSA keys while providing comparable security. For example, a 256-bit key in ECC is considered roughly equivalent in security to a 3072-bit key in RSA.

- Performance: ECC offers better performance and lower resource consumption than RSA, which makes it suitable for environments with limited computational power, storage, or bandwidth. This is one reason why ECC, and by extension ECIES, is favored for mobile devices and IoT applications.


## Keypair Usage
Keypair Use Case to print generated keypair to the terminal:
```sh
campy keypair
```

Keypair Use Case with an existing directory named keys:
```sh
campy keypair --save --secret-key-path keys/my_secret_key.hex --public-key-path keys/my_public_key.hex
```

## Encrypt

Encrypt with a Public key on a secp256k1 curve.

## Encrypt Usage
Encrypt Use Case with an existing directory named files and an output directory:
```sh
campy encrypt files/filedata.txt --public-key-path keys/my_public_key.hex --output-path out/filedata.enc
```

## Decrypt

Decrypt with Secret key (256-bit) on a secp256k1 curve..

## Decrypt Usage
Decrypt Use Case with an existing directory named files and an output directory:
```sh
campy decrypt out/filedata.enc --secret-key-path keys/my_secret_key.hex --output-path out/filedata.txt
```
